SSH: add some info and a call for it (#1219)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: src/gettingstarted/template/check-status.md

## Build, Deploy, Done!

> Once you have configured the template application in the previous step, Platform.sh will build your project for you. If you created a blank project, be sure to read on [setting up your SSH keys](/development/ssh.md) before trying to upload your files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have configured the template application in the previous step, Platform.sh will build your project for you. If you created a blank project, be sure to [set up your SSH keys](/development/ssh.md) before trying to upload your files.
```
